update hello-cert-trust-deploy-mfa.md (#3364)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-cert-trust-deploy-mfa.md

-   Certificate trust

> On-premises deployments must use on-premises MFA Server that provides an AD FS Multifactor authentication adapter. It could be Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server or third-party MFA solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-premises deployments must use an on-premises MFA Server that provides an AD FS Multifactor authentication adapter. It can be an Azure Multi-Factor Authentication Server or a third-party MFA solution.
```
